27 adding types to buttons (#29)
it-at-m/muc-patternlab-vue: docs/components/muc-button.md

# muc-button

> 
> https://patternlab.muenchen.space/?p=viewall-elements-buttons
> 
> The `muc-button` component themes the standard html button using the style from patternlab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `muc-button` component themes the standard html button using the style from patternlab.

<br>

[🔗 Patternlab-Docs](https://patternlab.muenchen.space/?p=viewall-elements-buttons)

<br>
```

Just a small change to put it inline with the updates I did to the other docs

# muc-button

> The `muc-button` component replaces the standard html button with a material design theme using the style from patternlab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

https://patternlab.muenchen.space/?p=viewall-elements-buttons

The `muc-button` component themes the standard html button using the style from patternlab.
```

### Properties

| Name     | Type    | Default | Description                                                                                                                  |
|----------|---------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| variant  | string  | primary | The variant prop gives you easy access to several different button styles. Available are `primary`, `secondary` and `ghost`. |

> | disabled | boolean | false   | Let`s you indicate that the button is not currently interactive or clickable.                                                |

Reviewer: Can you add the doc for the icon-Property, too?

Author: forgot the docs ... ☹

Author: added docs for icon and for the slot
